[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2009 film x-men origins
Wolverine this was the fourth x-men film
to come out from Fox
however many more came after depending
on how you look at it timeline wise this
film is one of the films that is set at
the earliest time points two quick
points that I wanted to make the first
is that there are two x-men films with
very similar names x-men origins
Wolverine which we will be discussing
now and the Wolverine one is an origin
story another is a film that set after
the events of the third film x-men the
last and the other point that I wanted
to make which I didn't explain in the
earlier film summaries is that there are
two main timelines in the film series I
will explain this more for the summary
for x-men Days of Future past but I
wanted to include a nice graphic from
Raymond Loewy in the description if you
want to take a sneak peek
the summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous films if you'd
like to see a summary check out the
links below as well as the summaries for
the other Marvel films the film opens in
1845 with a boy named James Howlett
living in Canada who witnesses his
father killed by Thomas Logan the trauma
activates the boys mutation causing bone
claws too but rude from his knuckles and
the boy kills Thomas who reveals to
James that Thomas is actually his real
father James flees along with Thomas's
son Victor Creed who is James's
half-brother and later on will become
Sabretooth they both have prolonged life
cycles spending the next century as
soldiers fighting in the American war
both world wars and Vietnam during the
Vietnam War
Victor tries to rape a Vietnamese woman
and kills a senior officer who tries to
stop him James defends Victor and both
are sentenced to death via firing squad
however they both survived the two are
approached by Major William Stryker who
asks if they want to join a military
mutant group called Team X remember
Stryker is one of the main antagonists
of the x---two film
which if you need a reminder please
check out my summary they joined the
group but James now going by the name
Logan leaves the group because of their
disregard for human life especially seen
with his brother Victor
six years later Logan is working as a
lumberjack in Canada where he lives with
his girlfriend Kayla Stryker approaches
Logan saying that two other members of
team axe have been killed and he thinks
someone is targeting the team members
Logan refuses to help but soon Logan
finds his girlfriend's bloody body
knowing that this was Victor's doing
Logan finds Victor but loses the fight
Stryker explains that Victor has gone
rogue and offers to help Logan to become
strong enough to fight Victor
Logan goes through an incredibly painful
procedure and has a skeleton reinforced
with an ax man tiem a virtually
indestructible metal striker however
tries to betray Logan or during his
memory to be erased
which Logan overhears and escapes a
member of team axe Agent Zero tracks
down Logan but Logan kills him
Logan locates two other former members
of Team X who explained that Victor is
actually working for Stryker and is
hunting down mutants for an experiment
at Strykers laboratory called the island
they prefer Logan to a mutant who
escaped the island gambit in order to
find the location of the island Logan
finds gambit and fights with Victor
again who kills one of the team X
members and extracts his DNA Logan and
gambit traveled to the lab which is
located on Three Mile Island
Logan soon discovers that his girlfriend
Kayla is actually alive and was keeping
tabs on him for Stryker in exchange for
protection for her sister's life Kayla
is actually also a mutant with several
abilities including the ability to
control anyone she touches Stryker
activates his experiment which is a
mutant that he made from a combination
of DNA from other mutants putting them
into Wade Wilson calling him Weapon 11
which he also refers to as the Deadpool
because he is a combination of other
dead mutants it should be noted that
this Deadpool is in many ways
drastically different than the Deadpool
we see in the 2016 film though they are
both played by Ryan Reynolds
this Deadpool has a variety of powers
and is nearly unstoppable Logan and
Victor team up and eventually Logan is
able to decapitate Deadpool but one of
the cooling towers is destroyed in the
process
Kayla leads the captive mutants off the
island including a young Scott Summers
aka Cyclops and then they are eventually
rescued by Professor Xavier striker
shoots Logan in the head with an Anna
mantium bullet rendering him unconscious
Stryker then turns the gun on Kayla but
she is able to use her abilities to
persuade Stryker to walk until his feet
bleed Kayla was injured earlier however
and succumbs to her wounds and dies
Logan regains his consciousness but has
lost all of his memories he sees Kayla's
body but does not recognize her and
leaves the island as the film ends
during the mid-credits scene we see
Stryker being questioned for the death
of his superior officer who in fact was
involved with the killing there also was
a post-credits scene which showed
Deadpool's head still moving implying
that he is still alive so that was the
spoilers for x-men origins Wolverine if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on the various forms of social
media listed below and remember to like
and subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]